Not we simply try to comply and the host provides you our host.
So in the preview what we do it's a deliberate of the host.
That's one by one.
But in real environments when you have thousands of E-6 a host you can't do it one by one by click on
the host then attache the host profile and applied a chair etc..
No you can't do it in the big environment from this place.
You attach a host or the fall cluster without any problem more than a thousand or 2000 3000 years.
My host then check apply as to know how much I host must apply to change how much I eat because I host
Coldplay introduce introducer provide and so on.
Then when you do stay up late to church is because I host you simply click right here remediate and
it will give you the details to apply to change.
You are E6 I host.
So the first one is already compliant so we can check this one to avoid losing more time because it
will reconfigure the same seasoning again.
Then just one other day compliant then you will leave.
All it does is not compliant or you can leave this one its not a problem because it will just repeat
DO same sitting that already exists.
So we click next then the check if you want to check in a compliant then finish to apply the configuration
for the E-6 house and then Bertolli.
So if you remember to host E6 I number three there is not have R is H and should enable it and also
does not have a.p server so to check policies or complaints.
No it's apply the hospital fine misconfiguration change applied host configuration change applied and
saw it and saw.
So the process is complete successfully.
Of course there will chance to treat compliance and zero in compliance we just need to refresh to see
the new one.
So treat compliant 0 in compliance.
So if you box with the host and will check sitting or is X I number three you seek is already the show
that is X I shared for the host has been enabled and it is H for the host has been enabled.
If you got to do that and time the seating time correlation it will be addressed 11 and the service
is running.
So this is the idea about the host profile is very simple you export the host providing you make it
in.
It shows the option that you want to apply to a different host.
Then you attach the host profile to a difference is I halls and remediate the chance to those E6 I host.
So this is simple true.
It's very useful in the big environment.
Sometimes it will start having some problem when you make a mistake in the configuration or you make
a conflict setting.
You just try to test them into this club then apply them in the right environment of what to apply the
configuration in different environments to avoid losing or making a mistake in investments so always
make a test in our Isak's I reached for the test.
Then when you are sure that all the sitting is correct then you can apply them to the read environment.
So in the next section.